docs: make readme fancy (#259)
BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend: README.md

<h1 align="center">
  <img src=".preview/Logo.png" width="250"><br>
  Momentum
</h1>
<div align="center">
  

  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend.svg)](https://github.com/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend/blob/main/LICENSE)
  [![Latest release](https://badgen.net/github/release/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend)](https://github.com/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend/releases)
  [![GitHub commits](https://badgen.net/github/commits/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend/main)](https://GitHub.com/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend/commit/)
  [![Github stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend.svg)](https://GitHub.com/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend/stargazers/)
  ![Dependabot](https://badgen.net/github/dependabot/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend)
  [![Deploy](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend/Deploy)](https://github.com/BP-WiSe21-22-Gruppe-52/BP-frontend/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

</div>

## About

> Momentum is a WebApp designed to help hemophiliacs to exercise and prevent their risk of internal bleeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Momentum is a WebApp designed to help hemophiliacs to exercise and thus counteract the progression of the disease.
```

> By assigning a plan of exercises to a patient, the patient can execute these exercises while being supervised by an AI running on the backend. This way, the patient can be sure that the exercises are being executed correctly and in a safe environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By assigning a plan of exercises to a patient, the patient can execute these exercises while being supervised by an AI running on the backend. This way, the patient can be sure that the exercises are being executed correctly.
```
